what's upper body so naruto shippuden
episode jewel for the month of august is
out now it sees that the rest of August
is going to go out with a bang we're
gonna see some awesome action in the
rest of august but there is a storm
looming on the horizon which is the
beginning of September and the storm
time talking about is the possibility of
a filler story arc because the first
webisode of sep tember are filler I hope
that this is just a small break from the
Kennedy three or four episodes I hope
that that's it but every single atom in
my body says that this is a beginning of
a full-length filler story arc and I
hope that wrong about that because at
this point it kind of feels like they're
really milking the naruto anime cow that
they are really milking every single
last drop that i can milk out of that
uh i am a bit frustrated because I
honestly wanted to see naruto anime and
without any fillers for the rest of the
story because now we're getting to the
most interesting parts of the story the
grand finale of naruto shippuden anime
and we should see it without any fillers
and with naruto fillers they usually
them up that's just how it is there
are good episodes I'm not lying that
they're not there are good episodes but
they can also the living out
of it and we saw that countless times so
I don't know which is gonna go to wait
and see now on August the 13-week an
episode 424 which is called to rise up
now these three episodes
the first one that I mention right now
and the next to it seems that their
cannon and we should see so incredibly
awesome action with Naruto Sasuke and
Madara I'm not going to tell you beyond
that because I'm gonna spoil the living
out of you but I'm going to see
some monumental action now in August the
20 a week episode 425 called the
infinite dream things are going to get
interesting august the 27th episode 426
similar title the infinite tsukuyomi
even more interesting stuff now this is
the part that that that could oya so
September the third we have episodes to
web so special we can episodes 400 27
and 28 called naruto shippuden a special
road to 10 10 into the dream world I
guess this is going to be 10 tins dream
because that's how the title kind of
kind of shows it it's probably going to
be the dream of 10 10 inside the jutsu
and the last one on the list sep tember
the 10th episode 429 killer bees
chronicles heavens winding I don't
know what this is going to be about I
honestly cannot remember at this point
if killer bee was inside of the church
so I believe he was I can't remember but
I believe he was maybe this is going to
be his dream I don't know with the
infinite tsukuyomi you could do
virtually anything if you're going with
a filler route you could do anything so
as I said the August to me it looks good
if we're going to see some really
awesome action I just hope that the
animation is going to be on point
but the September episodes or the 20
episodes in September they could be the
beginning of a new filler story arc and
I hope that that's not the case i really
hope but as I again as I said every
single atom in my body is saying to me
like this is the beginning of a new
story filler story arc so let me know
what your thoughts about all of this I
over it are you happy that we're going
back to fillers let me know have a nice
day and all in all that is up